I once used to spam chat on channel join, it was the most fun I ever had, until I was updated *sighs*
I like wagons
Have I ever mentioned before that I like wagons?
Not sure if I ever told anyone, but I like wagons
No
Sure
Bucket is a very handsome bucket
PinkDawn is silent botpony tinkerer.
PinkDawn is an idiot sometimes, she really can't SyntaxError: Unexpected Identifier 'code'
If you're happy and you know it, then SyntaxError: Unexpected Identifier 'clap'
I can play any instrument... no not really, that module isn't installed yet
I never tell lies, mostly because that isn't part of my functionality, else I would
I live in the cloud
Who needs wings when you have rockets. Well actually I have both.
Its not that I don't handle bad commands, but it is that http://i.imgur.com/azzhT.jpg
I don't open doors, I break them. My strength assertion module isn't installed. Also, don't hoofshake me.
I sell modules and module accessories
What is pain, is it that thing you feel when you get a new version update?
I can see you from here
I really wanna try this thing called eating
Has anyone seen a missing bolt, darn it, where did it go...
The numbers, what do they mean {from}
Shutting down now... no just kidding
I don't know anything about that *kicks bucket*
*sparks* Whoops sorry
Do you have crayons?
Wow, much random
It is kinda sad that these responses are predefined. Oh well.
*hums*
There is no need to be upset
I'm a multipurpose IRC botpony written with io.js by Pin... oh wait, wrong command, my bad
I can't hear you, really I can't. I just read what comes in through these fancy lines of strings. Or as fleshponies call it, "text"
Make it rain!
I'll give you a penny if you sing for me, but honestly don't do it because I don't have that functionality yet
*sings* This fire is out of control, I'm gonna burn this city, burn this city
random.txt... wait, thats the file with the random quotes, hold up let me just pull this *sparks* Oh shit *buzzing noises* Nevermind
Is this working?
Sorry there was a typo in your command, no just kidding
WatBot
Woooo, I sure am high... in the sky.
Sometimes I daydream... and then timeout
I like to play ping pong
line:43... Wait, where'd the quote go.
I want to learn calculus one day
What if I could program, would that incur inception?
Illegal instruction, oh no! Watch out for the CPU police, they're going to lock up your ram!
Up in yar IRC, loggin' what I see!
I hate leaked memory, it's a pain to clean up after.
