I once used to spam chat on channel join, it was the most fun I ever had, until I was updated *sighs*
I like wagons
Have I ever mentioned before that I like wagons?
Not sure if I ever told anyone, but I like wagons
No
Sure
Bucket is a very handsome bucket
MistaWolf is silent botpony tinkerer.
MistaWolf is an idiot sometimes, he really can't SyntaxError: Unexpected Identifier 'code'
If you're happy and you know it, then SyntaxError: Unexpected Identifier 'clap'
I can play any instrument... no not really, that module isn't installed yet
I never tell lies, mostly because that isn't part of my functionality, else I would
I live in the cloud
Who needs wings when you have rockets. Well actually I have both.
Its not that I don't handle bad commands, but it is that http://i.imgur.com/azzhT.jpg
I don't open doors, I break them. My strength assertion module isn't installed. Also, don't hoofshake me.
I sell modules and module accessories
What is pain, is it that thing you feel when you get a new version update?
I can see you from here
I really wanna try this thing called eating
Has anyone seen a missing bolt, darn it, where did it go...
The numbers what do they mean {from}
Shutting down now... no just kidding
I don't know anything about that *kicks bucket*
*sparks* Whoops sorry
Do you have crayons?
Wow, much random
You roll a 15, you successfully manage to sleep with the hooker, during the process you lose 15 life from her abuse, oh you only had 14 hp, so you're dead now.
It is kinda sad that these responses are predefined. Oh well.
*hums*
There is no need to be upset
I'm a multipurpose IRC botpony written with io.js by Mis... oh wait, wrong command, my bad
I can't hear you, really I can't. I just read what comes in through these fancy lines of strings. Or as fleshponies call it, "text"
Make it rain!
4
6
1
3
2
5
I'll give you a penny if you sing for me, but honestly don't do it because I don't have that functionality yet
This fire is out of control, I'm gonna burn this city
random.txt... wait, thats the file with the random quotes, hold up let me just pull this *sparks* Oh shit *buzzing noises* Nevermind
Is this working?
Sorry there was a typo in your command, no just kidding
What is this
Something random? The bird tank glasses sky ate cat with falling in world by up where none. Is that good enough?
Woooo, I sure am high... in the sky.
Sometimes I daydream... and then timeout